[Autogenerated] there is begin by opening this bomber that
exemplified This is in fact the main configuration.
File off any maven project when we open it.
We are presented with a graphical user interface with the content of this pump.
Fight in it and you can interact with this content using this interface.
Personally, I'm not too found of it.
I prefer to interact directly with the XML file
which gives a more precise you off.
What?
Seen this bomb that XML filer.
You can see the XML by clicking this button Here,
let us do some quick for Matina so we can see that our poem just
took the group I d artifact I D and version that we just typed
in when we created that project.
The first thing we need to do is to fix this Java
five version on the right thing.
To do it is to go through Maven,
We're going to user this properties elements from
the bomb that examined fighter.
The properties element is a standard element from the palm.
So you had the auto completion to create it and in this properties are element.
We can create two properties.
The first one is the May Virna compiler target.
Let us said this property toe one that eight Onda maven
compiler souls also to wander it It means that we're going to
type in a Java eight source code.
And we expect this source code to be compiled using Java eight.
By the way, we can also add another property which is the for Waner Project.
Build a source and Karina.
And the value of this property here is beautif eight.
Those are the three standard properties every maven project should provide.
Once this is Donna,
we can tell Eclipse We change the version of Java for this project.
Now can you have date automatically your reckless
project taking into account this change.
For that we can use the pop up menu of our project.
Go to the Maidana option here.
Update Project that is Click this up, Jonah, Just click, OK?
And you can see that magically.
The Java five default configuration has been changed to Java eight to follow the configuration imposed by the bomb dot XML